DOCS-6771 Add Synthetics Private Locations for Windows Documentation (#20959)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/synthetics/private_locations/_index.md

| System | Requirements |
|---|---|
| OS | Windows Server 2016, Windows Server 2019, or Windows 10. |
| RAM | 4GB minimum. 8GB recommended. |
| CPU | Intel or AMD processor with 64-bit support. 2.8 GHz or faster processor recommended. |

You must install .NET version 4.7.2 or later on your computer before using the MSI installer. 

To install the [Windows Agent][102], either use a GUI or the command line.

#### GUI

1. Download the [Datadog Agent installer][101] to install the latest version of the Agent.

   <div class="alert alert-info">If you need to install a specific version of the Agent, see the <a href="https://ddagent-windows-stable.s3.amazonaws.com/installers_v2.json">installer list</a>.</div>

2. Run the installer (as **Administrator**) by opening `datadog-agent-7-latest.amd64.msi`.
3. Follow the prompts, accept the license agreement, and enter your [Datadog API key][103].
4. When the install finishes, you are given the option to launch the Datadog Agent Manager.

#### Command Line

1. Download the [Synthetics Private Location Installer][101].
2. Run one of the following commands inside the directory where you downloaded the installer.

> // Commands TBD

Author: Add commands here:

In order to use private locations for [Continuous Testing tests][23], you need v1.27.0 or later.

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab "Docker" %}}

Private locations are Docker containers that you can install anywhere inside your private network. You can access the [private location worker image][101] on Google Container Registry. It can run on a Linux-based OS or Windows OS if the [Docker engine][102] is available on your host and can run in Linux containers mode.

[101]: https://console.cloud.google.com/gcr/images/datadoghq/GLOBAL/synthetics-private-location-worker?pli=1
[102]: https://docs.docker.com/engine/install/

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "Windows" %}}

> Private locations are Windows services that you can install anywhere inside your private network using an [MSI file][101]. Run this file from the virtual or physical machine that you would like to install the private location on. This machine's requirements are listed in the table below. Datadog recommends running the private location worker on a virtual machine or Windows container.

Reviewer: > Datadog recommends running the private location worker on a virtual machine or Windows container.

do we?

Reviewer: @jakepruitt

> Private locations are Windows services that you can install anywhere inside your private network using an [MSI file][101]. Run this file from the virtual or physical machine that you would like to install the private location on, and in a cloud provider VM matching the following requirements. Datadog recommends running the private location worker on a virtual machine or Windows container.

Reviewer 2: I'm confused by the second sentence, particularly the word "and." Would it make sense to just say "Run this file from the virtual or physical machine that you would like to install the private location on. This machine's requirements are listed in the table below."?

Author: ```suggestion
Private locations are Windows services that you can install anywhere inside your private network using an [MSI file][101]. Run this file from the virtual or physical machine that you would like to install the private location on. This machine's requirements are listed in the table below. Datadog recommends running the private location worker on a virtual machine or Windows container.
```

| System | Requirements |
|---|---|
| OS | Windows Server 2016, Windows Server 2019, or Windows 10. |
| RAM | 4GB minimum. 8GB recommended. |
| CPU | Intel or AMD processor with 64-bit support. 2.8 GHz or faster processor recommended. |

You must have .NET version 4.7.2 or later installed on your computer before using the MSI installer.

PowerShell scripting must be enabled on the machine where you are installing the private location worker.

> [101]: TBD

Reviewer 2: flagging this

Fill out your private location details:

1. Specify your private location's **Name** and **Description**.

> 2. Add any **Tags** you would like to associate with your private location. To set up a private location on a Windows service, tick the **This is a Windows Private Location** checkbox.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Add any **Tags** you would like to associate with your private location.
```

> 2. Add any **Tags** you would like to associate with your private location. To set up a private location on a Windows service, tick the **This is a Windows Private Locations** checkbox.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Add any **Tags** you would like to associate with your private location. To set up a private location on a Windows service, tick the **This is a Windows Private Location** checkbox.
```

<div class="alert alert-warning">If you entered your JSON configuration, the Windows Service starts running using that configuration. If you did not enter your configuration, run <code>C:\\Program Files\Datadog-Synthetics\Synthetics\synthetics-pl-worker.exe --config=< PathToYourConfiguration ></code> from a command prompt or use the <code>start menu</code> shortcut to start the Synthetics Private Location Worker.</div>

[101]: https://ddsynthetics-windows.s3.amazonaws.com/datadog-synthetics-worker-1.43.0.amd64.msi
[102]: https://app.datadoghq.com/synthetics/settings/private-locations

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "Windows via CLI" %}}

1. Download the [`datadog-synthetics-worker-<version>.amd64.msi` file][101] and run this file from the machine you want to install the private location on. 
2. Run one of the following commands inside the directory where you downloaded the installer:
   
   - In a PowerShell Terminal:

     ```shell
     Start-Process msiexec "/i datadog-synthetics-worker-<version>-beta.amd64.msi /quiet /qn WORKERCONFIG_FILEPATH=C:\ProgramData\Datadog-Synthetics\worker-config.json";
     ```
   
   - Or in a Command Terminal:
  

>      ```shell

Author: ```suggestion
     ```cmd
```

[1]: https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/security-context/

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "Windows" %}}

1. Download the [`datadog-synthetics-worker-<version>.amd64.msi` file][101] and run this file from the machine you want to install the private location on. 
1. Click **Next** on the welcome page, read the EULA, and accept the terms and conditions. Click **Next**.

> 1. Modify where where the application will be installed, or leave the default settings. Click **Next**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Modify where the application will be installed, or leave the default settings. Click **Next**.
```

1. To configure your Windows private location, you can either:

   - Paste and enter a JSON configuration for your Datadog Synthetics Private Location Worker. This file is generated by Datadog when you [create a private location][102].

>    {{< img src="synthetics/private_locations/configuration_selector_paste.png" alt="Paste in a JSON configuration in the MSI installer" style="width:80%;" >}}

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   {{< img src="synthetics/private_locations/configuration_selector_paste.png" alt="Synthetics Private Location Worker wizard, MSI installer. The option 'Paste in a JSON configuration' is selected. A text field for this JSON configuration is displayed." style="width:80%;" >}}
```

>    - Browse or type a file path to a file containing a JSON configuration for your Datadog Synthetics Private Location Worker. You can type the file path or leave it blank and run `synthetics-pl-worker.exe --config=<PathToYourConfiguration>` in the Windows command-line prompt after the installation is completed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   - Browse or type a file path to a file containing a JSON configuration for your Datadog Synthetics Private Location Worker. You can type the file path or leave it blank and run `synthetics-pl-worker.exe --config=<PathToYourConfiguration>` in the Windows command-line prompt after the installation is complete.
```

>    {{< img src="synthetics/private_locations/configuration_selector_browse.png" alt="Browser for a JSON configuration in the MSI installer" style="width:80%;" >}}

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   {{< img src="synthetics/private_locations/configuration_selector_browse.png" alt="Synthetics Private Location Worker wizard, MSI installer. The option 'Browse for a JSON configuration on my computer' is selected. A file selector is displayed." style="width:80%;" >}}
```

1. You can apply the following configuration options:

   Apply firewall rules needed by this program to Windows Firewall

>    : Enable to allow the installer to apply firewall rules on install and remove them on uninstall.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   : Allow the installer to apply firewall rules on install and remove them on uninstall.
```

   Apply rules to block reserved IPs in Windows Firewall

>    : Enable to configure blocking rules for Chrome, Firefox, and Edge (if they are installed) and add rules to block reserved IP address ranges outbound in Windows Firewall.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   : Configure blocking rules for Chrome, Firefox, and Edge (if they are installed) and add rules to block reserved IP address ranges outbound in Windows Firewall.
```

   Enable File Logging

>    : Enable to allow the Synthetics Private Location Worker to log files in the installation directory.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   : Allow the Synthetics Private Location Worker to log files in the installation directory.
```

   Log Rotation Days

>    : Specifies how many days logs should be kept before being deleted from the local system.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   : Specifies how many days to keep logs before deleting them from the local system.
```

   Logging Verbosity
   : Specifies the verbosity of the console and file logging for the Synthetics Private Location Worker. Options for verbosity when performing an unattended `msiexec` installation include `-v` for error, `-vv` for information, and `-vvv` for debug.

1. Click **Next** and **Install** to start the installation process. 
   

>    {{< img src="synthetics/private_locations/settings.png" alt="Configuration options in the MSI installer" style="width:80%;" >}}

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   {{< img src="synthetics/private_locations/settings.png" alt="Synthetics Private Location Worker wizard, MSI installer. Firewall and log settings are displayed." style="width:80%;" >}}
```

this image might make more sense in the previous step (maybe around line 504) not this one

> Once the process is complete, click **Finish** on the installation completion page.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After this process is complete, click **Finish** on the installation completion page.
```

> <div class="alert alert-warning">If you have entered your JSON configuration, the Windows Service starts running using that configuration. If you did not enter your configuration, run <code>synthetics-pl-worker.exe --config=<PathToYourConfiguration></code> from a command prompt or use the <code>start menu</code> shortcut to start the Synthetics Private Location Worker.</div>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<div class="alert alert-warning">If you entered your JSON configuration, the Windows Service starts running using that configuration. If you did not enter your configuration, run <code>synthetics-pl-worker.exe --config=<PathToYourConfiguration></code> from a command prompt or use the <code>start menu</code> shortcut to start the Synthetics Private Location Worker.</div>
```

| LOGGING_VERBOSITY | Configures the logging verbosity for the program. This affects console and file logs. | This affects console and file logs. | `-vvv` | `-v`: Error<br>`-vv`: Info<br>`-vvv`: Debug |
| LOGGING_MAXDAYS | Number of days to keep file logs on the system before deleting them. Can be any number when running an unattended installation. | 7 | `--logFileMaxDays` | Integer |
| WORKERCONFIG_FILEPATH | This should be changed to the path to your Synthetics Private Location Worker JSON configuration file. Wrap this path in quotes if your path contains spaces. | <None> | `--config` | String |

For example, this command applies the default firewall rules needed by the program to configure the Windows service: 

```shell
msiexec /i datadog-synthetics-worker-<version>.amd64.msi /quiet /qn APPLYDEFAULTFIREWALLRULES=1 APPLYFIREWALLDEFAULTBLOCKRULES=1 LOGGING_ENABLED=1 LOGGING_VERBOSITY=”-vv” LOGGING_MAXDAYS=7 WORKERCONFIG_FILEPATH=C:\ProgramData\Datadog-Synthetics\worker-config.json
```

> To uninstall the Synthetics Private Location Worker on the command line, use `msiexec`. For example, you can run `msiexec /uninstall datadog-synthetics-worker-<version>.amd64.msi /passive`.

Reviewer 2: can we make this command match the same format as the one right above? (i would just do this as a suggestion, but using three backticks seems to really mess with github suggestions)

> [101]: TBD

Reviewer 2: flagging this

Author: ```suggestion
[101]: https://s3.amazonaws.com/ddagent-windows-stable/datadog-agent-7-latest.amd64.msi
```

   Apply firewall rules needed by this program to Windows Firewall
   : Allow the installer to apply firewall rules on install and remove them on uninstall.

   Apply rules to block reserved IPs in Windows Firewall
   : Configure blocking rules for Chrome, Firefox, and Edge (if they are installed) and add rules to block reserved IP address ranges outbound in Windows Firewall.

   Enable File Logging
   : Allow the Synthetics Private Location Worker to log files in the installation directory.

   Log Rotation Days
   : Specifies how many days to keep logs before deleting them from the local system.

   Logging Verbosity
   : Specifies the verbosity of the console and file logging for the Synthetics Private Location Worker. Options for verbosity when performing an unattended `msiexec` installation include `-v` for error, `-vv` for information, and `-vvv` for debug.

1. Click **Next** and **Install** to start the installation process. 
   
Once the process is complete, click **Finish** on the installation completion page.

> <div class="alert alert-warning">If you entered your JSON configuration, the Windows Service starts running using that configuration. If you did not enter your configuration, run <code>synthetics-pl-worker.exe --config=<PathToYourConfiguration></code> from a command prompt or use the <code>start menu</code> shortcut to start the Synthetics Private Location Worker.</div>

Reviewer: > start menu

@jakepruitt what is this?

Author: For reference: https://datadoghq.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/SYN/pages/2187296818/Installing+Synthetics+Private+Location+Worker+with+MSI+installer#Final-Steps

| APPLYFIREWALLDEFAULTBLOCKRULES | Blocks reserved IP addresses for each browser you have installed (Chrome, Edge, and Firefox). Blocking loopback connections is not possible in Windows Firewall. | 0 | N/A | 0: Disabled<br>1: Enabled |
| LOGGING_ENABLED | When enabled, this configures file logging. These logs are stored in the installation directory under the logs folder. | 0 | `--enableFileLogging` | 0: Disabled<br>1: Enabled |
| LOGGING_VERBOSITY | Configures the logging verbosity for the program. This affects console and file logs. | This affects console and file logs. | `-vvv` | `-v`: Error<br>`-vv`: Info<br>`-vvv`: Debug |
| LOGGING_MAXDAYS | Number of days to keep file logs on the system before deleting them. Can be any number when running an unattended installation. | 7 | `--logFileMaxDays` | Integer |
| WORKERCONFIG_FILEPATH | This should be changed to the path to your Synthetics Private Location Worker JSON configuration file. Wrap this path in quotes if your path contains spaces. | <None> | `--config` | String |

For example, this command applies the default firewall rules needed by the program to configure the Windows service: 

> ```shell

Reviewer: those 2 shell cmds can be removed 
they are not required

> For example, this command applies the default firewall rules needed by the program to configure the Windows service: 
> 
> ```shell
> msiexec /i datadog-synthetics-worker-<version>.amd64.msi /quiet /qn APPLYDEFAULTFIREWALLRULES=1 APPLYFIREWALLDEFAULTBLOCKRULES=1 LOGGING_ENABLED=1 LOGGING_VERBOSITY=”-vv” LOGGING_MAXDAYS=7 WORKERCONFIG_FILEPATH=C:\ProgramData\Datadog-Synthetics\worker-config.json
> ```
> 
> 
> To uninstall the Synthetics Private Location Worker on the command line, use `msiexec`. For example, run:
> 
> ```shell
> msiexec /uninstall datadog-synthetics-worker-<version>.amd64.msi /passive`
> ```

Author: ```suggestion
```

1. Download the [`datadog-synthetics-worker-<version>.amd64.msi` file][101] and run this file from the machine you want to install the private location on. 
2. Run one of the following commands inside the directory where you downloaded the installer:
   
   - In a PowerShell Terminal:

>      ```shell

Reviewer: These commands will be typed in powershell/cmd terminals.

The agent docs use powershell/cmd code blocks https://github.com/DataDog/documentation/blob/909bce509de014cb577cc4a727fff4f924553f98/content/en/agent/basic_agent_usage/windows.md?plain=1#L177

Should we do the same?

Author: ```suggestion
     ```powershell
```
